Mono Pitch

pg 1 

is_freestanding_mono
is_metricimperial_mono
building_length_mono
building_width_mono
height_high_mono
height_low_mono
bay_size_mono
additional_notes_mono
height_eaves_mono
bar_size_mono
size_post_mono
roof_pitch_mono
building_use_mono
site_level_mono
steel_options_mono



pg 2 

has_walls_mono
wall_sides_mono
wall_material_mono
panel_width_mono - singleChoice | customText
panel_thickness_mono - singleChoice | customText
panel_height_mono - singleChoice | customText

pg 3 

has_purlins_mono - singleChoice
roof_type_mono - singleChoice
composite_thickness_mono - singleChoice
fiber_cement_mono - singleChoice
box_profile_mono - singleChoice
wriggly_tin_mono - singleChoice
roof_lights_mono - singleChoice
num_lights_mono - singleChoice | customText
ridge_caps_mono - singleChoice
roof_solarpanels_mono - singleChoice
roof_solarpanelfuture_mono - singleChoice

pg 4 

has_doors_mono - singleChoice
door_style_mono - singleChoice
door_number_mono - singleChoice | customText
door_width_mono - number
door_height_mono - number
personnel_doors_mono - singleChoice
personneldoors_number_mono - number
personneldoor_height_mono - number
personneldoor_width_mono - number
has_accessdoors_mono - singleChoice
number_accessdoors_mono - number
has_firedoors_mono - singleChoice
number_firedoors_mono - number










field name convention - 

is_field_buildingType

e.g
is_freestanding_mono


info text convention - 

Please note, it may not be possible for suppliers to quote for non-standard panel widths


to do - 

Send google maps 'screenshot' to supplier? 